docs: Adjust wording and formatting of contribution guide (#428)
EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree: Contributing.md

# 💥 How to Contribute

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.png?v=103)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badges/)

- Take a look at the existing [Issues](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/issues) or [create a new issue](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/issues/new/choose)!
- [Fork the Repo](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/network/members), create a branch for any issue that you are working on and commit your work.

> - Create a **[Pull Request](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/compare)** (*PR*) which will be promptly reviewed and given suggestions for improvement by the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a **[Pull Request](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/compare)** (*PR*), which will be promptly reviewed and given suggestions for improvements by the community.
```

Author: Good catch 👍🏼

## ⭐ HOW TO MAKE A PULL REQUEST:

**1.** Start by making a fork the [**LinkFree**](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree) repository. Click on the <a href="https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/network/members"><img src="https://img.icons8.com/ios/24/32CD32/code-fork.png"></a> symbol at the top right corner.

**2.** Clone your new fork of the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/LinkFree
```

**3.** Navigate to the new project directory:

```bash
cd LinkFree
```

**4.** Create a new branch:
```bash
git checkout -b YourBranchName
```

**5.** Make your changes to the source code.

**6.** Stage your changes and commit:

```bash
git add .
```

```bash
git commit -m "<your_commit_message>"
```

**7.** Push your local commits to the remote repository:

```bash
git push origin YourBranchName
```

**8.** Create a [Pull Request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request)!

**9.** **Congratulations!** You've made your first contribution to [**LinkFree**](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/graphs/contributors)! 🙌🏼

> ***:trophy: After this, project leaders and mentors will review the PR and will merge it if it helps move the LinkFree project forward. Otherwise it will be given constructive feedback and suggestions for the changes needed add the PR to the codebase.***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***:trophy: After this, the maintainers will review the PR and will merge it if it helps move the LinkFree project forward. Otherwise, it will be given constructive feedback and suggestions for the changes needed to add the PR to the codebase.***
```
